Add local build and test publish mechanism as programming guide. (#35)
Azure/aks-periscope: README.md

# Programming Guide

> To locally build from this project from the root of this repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To locally build this project from the root of this repository:

```

```
CGO_ENABLED=0 GOOS=linux go build -mod=vendor github.com/Azure/aks-periscope/cmd/aks-periscope
```

> **Tip**: In order to test local changes, user can build the local image via `Dockerfile` and then then push it to your local hub. That way user sould be able to reference this test image in the `deployment\aks-periscope.yaml` `containers` property `image` attribute reference to your published test published docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: In order to test local changes, user can build the local image via `Dockerfile` and then push it to your local hub. This way, user should be able to reference this test image in the `deployment\aks-periscope.yaml` `containers` property `image` attribute reference to your published test published docker image. 

```
